[Feat #112] Add gif in Let's Get Practical subsection (#126)
open-sauced/intro: 05-how-to-contribute-to-open-source.md

3. Clone your forked repository to your computer.
4. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
5. Create a new branch and use a descriptive name related to your contribution — for example, `feat/add-alice`.
6. Run `npm run contributors:add` in your terminal.

   Follow the instructions to add yourself to the guestbook. After you finish and click enter, you must click enter again to confirm your choices.

>    ![Image](./images/cli-tool.gif)

Reviewer: [improvement]: When it comes to implementing images or GIFs that have a specific purpose, it's best to use a sentence for its alternative text instead of one word. It'll help screen reader users gain a better understanding of this step. 
```suggestion
   ![screenshot of a terminal displaying the steps to creating a profile for the guestbook](./images/cli-tool.gif)
```

>    ![screenshot of a terminal displaying the steps to creating a profile for the guestbook](./images/cli-tool.gif)

Reviewer 2: When writing an alt text, we don't need to mention "image" or "picture" or similar term. 😊
You can read this [accessibility article](https://accessibility.huit.harvard.edu/describe-content-images) for your reference.

```suggestion
   ![add contributor with CLI on a terminal GIF](./images/cli-tool.gif)
```
